---
title: '$6,285 per body.'
date: '2023-10-6'
---
A chocolate factory in Pennsylvania was fined $44k after 7 died in a natural gas explosion. OSHA had issued multiple citations for  the diabolically unsafe work enviroment. Reports came from onsite employees to OSHA before the explosion occured. OSHA area Director had this to say, “The company could have prevented this horrific tragedy by following required safety procedures.”

As of July 18th 2023 the NTSB investigative report is cited as such, "O​n March 24, 2023, about 4:55 p.m. local time, a natural gas–fueled explosion and fire occurred at Building 2 of the R. M. Palmer Company (Palmer) in West Reading, Pennsylvania. The explosion destroyed Building 2 and caused significant structural damage to the adjacent Building 1 and other surrounding structures. (See figure.) Seven people were killed, 11 people were injured, 3 families were displaced from a neighboring apartment building, and many more people were evacuated from the area."

After 3 month NTSB removes PA Public Utilities as a party in the R.M Palmer Gas explosion for realeasing redacted information about the explosion that killed 7 factory workers and injured 11 colleagues. A subpoena has been issued for the documents. 

I would usually write something about corporations being higher in the caste system than those that serve it but this says it all. The case seems to be ongoing and I hope for the best.



https://www.ntsb.gov/investigations/Pages/PLD23LR002.aspx

https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/pennsylvania-chocolate-factory-fined-failing-evacuate-fatal-natural-103766636